Modify audit-checklist (#12)
icon-project/documentation: score/audit-checklist.md

### Critical
- [Timeout](#timeout)
- [Unfinishing Loop](#unfinishing-loop)
- [Package import](#package-import)
- [System Call](#system-call)
- [Outbound Network Call](#outbound-network-call)
- [iconservice Internal API](#iconservice-internal-api)
- [Randomness](#randomness)
- [Fixed SCORE Infomation](#fixed-score-infomation)
- [IRC2 Token Standard Compliance](#irc2-token-standard-compliance)
- [IRC2 Token Parameter Name](#irc2-token-parameter-name)
- [Eventlog on Token Transfer](#eventlog-on-token-transfer)
- [Eventlog without Token Transfer](#eventlog-without-token-transfer)
- [ICXTransfer Eventlog](#icxtransfer-eventlog)
- [Super Class](#super-class)

> - [Keyword Argument](#keyword-argument)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Keyword Arguments](#keyword-arguments)
```

won = datetime.datetime.now() % 2 == 0
```

### Fixed SCORE Infomation

> SCORE's critical information can not be changed since it was first installed. In case of IRC2 token SCORE, name, sysmbol and decimals should not be changed; for other SCORE, name must not be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCORE's critical information should not be changed once it has been deployed. In case of IRC2 token SCORE, `name`, `symbol` and `decimals` should not be changed; for other SCOREs, `name` must not be changed.

IRC token type must be fixed once deployed as well. For example, IRC2 token SCORE should not be updated to IRC3 tokens, and IRC2 token should not be updated to non-IRC SCORE. 
```

```python
@external(readonly=True)
def name(self) -> str:
    return self._name.get()
#Bad
@external
def setname(self, new_name):
    self._name.set(new_name)
```

> The above rules should also be guaranteed for SCORE update deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not implement any class methods that update the variables, and those values should not be changed when you update the SCORE.
```

> For IRC2 tokens, you must update the IRC2 token SCORE with the same name, symbol and decimals value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For IRC2 tokens, you must update the IRC2 token SCORE with the same `name`, `symbol` and `decimals` values. 
```

def ICXTransfer(self, _from: Address, _to: Address, _value: int):
```

### Super Class

In your SCORE main class that inherits IconScoreBase, you must call super().\_\_init\_\_() in the \_\_init\_\_() function to initialize the state DB. Likewise, super().on_install() must be called in on_install() function and super().on_update() must be called in on_update() function.

```python
# Bad
class MyClass(IconScoreBase):
    def __init__(self, db: IconScoreDatabase) -> None:
        self._context__name = VarDB('context.name', db, str)
        self._context__cap = VarDB('context.cap', db, int)

    def on_install(self, name: str, cap: str) -> None:
        # doSomething

    def on_update(self) -> None:
        # doSomething

# Good
class MyClass(IconScoreBase):
    def __init__(self, db: IconScoreDatabase) -> None:
        super().__init__(db)
        self._context__name = VarDB('context.name', db, str)
        self._context__cap = VarDB('context.cap', db, int)

    def on_install(self, name: str, cap: str) -> None:
        super().on_install()
        # doSomething

    def on_update(self) -> None:
        super().on_update()
        # doSomething
```

> ### Keyword Argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Keyword Arguments
```

> Keyword argument is not allowed on_install() and on_update() function parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyword arguments are not allowed as an input parameter of `on_install()` and `on_update()` functions.
```

There is no size limit in `str` or `int` type in Python, however, transaction message should not exceed 512 KB.
```python
# Function declarations

> def myTransfer(_value: int) -> bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def myTransfer(_value: int) -> bool:
```
